Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
- Fucking pond.
- I know. Isn't it great?
- I'm beginning to think
this one's a little touched.
- You just noticed?
- Guys. quit fucking
around. This is serious.
- Don't worry. The
chop looks good.
Just stand there. look pretty.
I'll do the talking.
- It looked good
in our basement.
But ripping off Happy Jack
is a different fucking story.
If this deal goes sideways.
I'm fucking blaming you.
- If this goes sideways.
it won't matter.
- I hope you Chinamen didn't
come to us for credit.
Because you put me in a
very difficult position
the last time you asked
me to hold onto your shit.
- We had a minor
cash flow issue.
And we very much appreciate
you holding on to
our product for us...
- He ain't interested
in your appreciation.
You got our money?
- This covers our last
order and our next one.
plus a little extra
for your trouble.
- What are you doing here. Chao?
Hmm?
You're running with
the Hop Wei now?
- I make investment.
Investments?
Things must be worse
than I thought.
- Like I said. a
minor cash flow issue.
The cops are squeezing us.
We have it all worked out now.
- They're straight.
I guess you do.
Give these men their product.
- Douglas.
You're back.
- The work is never
done. it seems.
- Was there a problem
with your wine?
I wasn't expecting to
see you again so soon.
- No. not at all.
It might be your
best vintage yet.
I just came by to see if
you'd reconsidered my offer.
- I thought I made
my position clear.
- You did. you did. but...
I wouldn't be where I am
today without believing
there's always a
deal to be made.
I couldn't help
noticing you have a lot
of Chinese girls working here.
- What of it?
- Well. it's just
that some folks...
Not me. mind you... But
some folks around here
might surmise that this place
was some kind of brothel.
- But not you.
Of course. you're quite familiar
with the genuine article.
I blame
the politicians.
They've got everyone
all riled up
with this Page Act business.
- Well. you know me.
I never much cared what
other people think.
least of all politicians.
- On that. we can agree.
But nevertheless.
if the government
caught wind of what's
happening here...
- Oh. I have a dozen
San Francisco police
who will testify on my behalf.
They helped me
liberate these girls.
- Of course.
I read all about it
in the "Register."
Nellie Davenport. savior
of Chinatown's whores.
I just wonder what
they'd make of you now.
sharing your bed with one.
It's a reasonable offer.
- Get the hell off my land.
- So this cop knows
you're wanted for murder.
And instead of arresting you.
he wants to deputize you.
- That's the gist of it.
- Must be nice to be white.
You're not considering
it. are you?
You're considering it.
- If I help him.
we can finally stop
looking over our shoulders.
- Have you looked
in a mirror lately?
As long as we're
together. honey.
we're always gonna be
looking over our shoulders.
- You said that you wanted
to stay in San Francisco.
This is how we do it.
No more bounty hunters.
- And a cop living in my bar?
How do you think
that's gonna play?
That badge isn't just
bad for business.
It's bad for you.
- The last thing I want to
do is go back to Chinatown.
But if there's
even half a chance
I can buy us a
future. I have to try.
- The attack on Li Yong was
a desperate act of cowardice
by Muchen.
But thanks to Kong
Pak. his plot failed.
The surviving members of
the Three Brothers tong
will be sworn in soon.
- These men betrayed us.
How can we ensure their loyalty?
- Kong Pak. you know these men.
What do you think?
- Muchen ruled by fear.
Now that he's gone. his
hatchets will fall in line.
- Then we'll proceed as planned.
But I'd like you to
keep an eye on them.
- Not the sort of
dress you usually wear.
- It was a gift from Eliza.
She invited me to
an art gallery.
- You're starting to spend
a lot of time in the pond.
- Just enough time to
look after our interests.
- It's a risk.
- But a calculated one.
- I should come with you.
You're not safe out there alone.
- It's not a meeting
with a rival tong.
I'll be fine.
Besides. your presence
will only make it harder
to gain their trust.
- Agent Moseley.
- I take it you know Mr. Lee?
- Only by reputation.
which does you no favors.
- Coming from this
outfit. I take that
as a compliment. sir.
- If you're done
fawning over each other.
maybe you could do us
a favor and round up
the Chinatown squad...
Chief?
- Yes. sir.
- Agent Moseley has tracked
the counterfeiting operation
to San Francisco.
- We have reason to
believe the men running it
are headquartered in Chinatown.
- Which is why we'd
like your squad
to test the local currency
as you make your rounds.
- A single drop is all it
takes to ferret out a fake.
If the bill is legal tender.
the iodine won't leave a mark.
- We're trying to
keep the chinks
from slaughtering one another.
There's no time for
fucking chemistry.
- Those payoffs you're taking
could be counterfeit too.
So you'd be doing
yourself a favor.
- Would you mind repeating that?
- Which word didn't
you understand?
- You shit-sucking
son of a bitch.
- Come on.
- Thank you. gentlemen.
We'll keep your
concerns in mind.
Now. if there's nothing more.
my men have work to do.
- You told me you were
done with police work.
- I was.
I will be again. as
soon as this is over.
- So... what's the plan?
Besides insulting my men.
- Moseley says the
original crew was buying
weapons from a Chinaman.
I figured I'd start by paying
a visit to Mr. Wang Chao.
- Well. Chao is not
much of a fan of yours.
Oh. maybe I should come along
and help smooth things over.
- I appreciate that. but...
that might muddy the waters.
I need to do this my way. Bill.
- Well...
well. in that case...
Stay safe. Agent Lee.
- Afraid I can't promise that.
- Well. then just
for fuck's sake.
stay alive. huh?
- That's... that's all of it.
"Thank you." You're welcome.
- For what?
Forcing me to work for you?
- Hey. do I need to remind you
that you came to us?
Yeah. to
get you up and running.
not to join your gang.
- Look.
I get it. but you
don't need to worry.
We protect our own.
- You know. one of you said
the exact same
thing to my father.
We missed one payment.
and you beat him.
- That wasn't me.
- You wear the same suit.
That...
Yeah. that never
should have happened.
I know it might not mean
much. but I'm sorry.
Come find me when you're done.
- Can you imagine
living in a log cabin
with nothing but
dirt for a floor?
Nothing to relieve yourself
into but a wooden bucket?
- Actually. I can.
- Sorry. God. I must
sound so entitled.
- Not at all.
Just American.
Is the artist here?
- Who knows?
Nobody comes here for the art.
They come here to
see and be seen.
And to drink.
- Thank you.
Gosh. it feels like I'm the one
hanging on the wall.
Don't mind them.
They're just jealous.
You wear that dress better
than they ever could.
- Well. dear.
if you wanted to cause a stir.
you've certainly done it.
- Not my intention.
But a nice fringe
benefit.
Mai Ling. this is
my husband. Bernard.
- It's a pleasure to meet you.
- Pleasure is mine.
Eliza hasn't stopped
talking about you all week.
She says you're quite
the business woman.
- I've made some
good investments.
But hardly the sort
that would impress
a banker of your stature.
Your firm finances
some of the largest
construction
projects in the city.
- You've done your research.
May I say your
English is flawless?
- Well. yours isn't
too bad either.
- You did not tell
me she was funny.
She's funny.
- Cheers.
- It looks like Eliza
Pendleton has a new project.
- Gentlemen.
You know her?
- The Chinese girl? No.
But Eliza's always
been determined to seem
just this side of
the avant-garde.
- Miss Archer. wasn't it?
- I'm flattered you remembered.
Since I imagine you
misplaced my card.
or is there some other reason
you haven't called on me?
- I thought you were
simply being polite.
When you get to know
me. you'll realize
I'm rarely. if ever. polite.
I can't wait to watch you knock
that smug bastard on his ass.
- That makes two of us.
- I mean. the whole "man
of the people" routine
is getting stale.
don't you think?
Well. I think I've had
about all the culture
I can stand for one day.
I recommend you call on
me soon. Mr. Buckley.
or else I might decide
you don't like me.
and then I'll
become intolerable.
- And you can prove this?
- Given the amount of
money in that envelope.
it shouldn't matter.
But yes.
We've got two
witnesses who can put
Thayer's brother-in-law
in a Chinese opium den
as recently as last week.
A real scandal. if
it were to come out.
- The story will play better
if I can bring them in.
ask a few questions.
- For obvious reasons.
these men wish to
remain anonymous.
However. in the interest
of due diligence.
everything is there.
Quotes. dates. and times.
I was thinking for the headline.
"Thayer Campaign. Up In Smoke."
You're the professional.
- Evening. Mr. Strickland.
- I'm sorry. do I know you?
- Name's Dylan Leary.
I need a quick word.
- Leary.
Champion of the workingman.
I hear you've been
causing quite a stir
down at City Council.
- I'm here on behalf
of Leonard Pierce.
So now the City
Council has got you
breaking legs for
them. is that it?
I don't doubt you're a
dangerous man. Mr. Leary.
But if Pierce went
to all the trouble
to pay you to threaten
me. I would at least think
he told you I
never travel alone.
- It must have slipped his mind.
- That's too bad.
Either way. I hope it's
becoming clear to you.
I'm not the man you
threaten. Mr. Leary.
I'm the man with
whom you make a deal.
Come on.
Let's have a chat.
- So this is what
gangsters do for fun?
You know. when they're
not beating up old men.
- Well. actually. I
have many interests.
Sometimes I beat up young men.
- Oh. how sweet.
I'm done printing.
The bills will be
dry in the morning.
- Great. I'll walk you home.
- Uh. thank you.
Actually. I think I'll just
take my payment and go.
- Well. I need to
pat you down first.
Young Jun's orders.
They have trust issues.
Arms up.
Just. um...
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay. all good.
Yeah.
There you go.
- Thanks.
- Have a good night.
- You have fun playing
with your wood.
- You were in the cavalry?
- Served under Sheridan in
the Army of the Potomac.
- Fightin' Phil Sheridan?
The man's a fucking legend.
He
certainly thought so.
We used to call him Little
Phil behind his back.
He was so short.
he could scratch his own
ankles without stooping over.
Did you serve?
- 88th Infantry. Irish brigade.
- The Fearless Sons of Erin.
You gave those Rebels hell.
- They sent a few
of us there too.
- My boy. Louis. fell at the
Battle of Sailors' Creek.
I lost his mother in
childbirth. and...
at the time. I remember thinking
I'd suffered the worst
pain life has to offer.
Turns out I was wrong.
- Every day of the war.
I prayed to make
it home to my boys.
And I did...
so the pox could take 'em.
- If there is a God. he
has a sick sense of humor.
- He's a fucking
prick is what he is.
- You and I know the price
this country demands.
We've paid it tenfold
for the freedom
to build something of our own.
Men like Pierce and his cronies
will never understand that.
They were born into wealth.
They've sacrificed nothing.
I earned every dime I ever made.
- From where I'm sitting.
you don't look so different.
- On the surface. maybe.
But I don't think
the way they do.
They see you as a thug.
someone to do their dirty work.
I see something else.
- And what's that?
- A political powerhouse.
The voice of the Irish.
But what good is that
voice if nobody listens?
You twist some arms. you get
five Irish hired
here. ten there.
- And their families eat.
- Yes. but nothing has changed.
You're thinking too small.
The problem you
face is systemic.
It's built into the
economics of the country.
If you want to change that.
you need the kind
of political capital
that comes with real power.
Otherwise. you'll end
up a washed-up gangster
with nothing but
your noble intentions
to show for your troubles.
- These are fucked-up times.
The bulls are in our bowl.
The Long Zii are
puffing up their chests.
Fuck the Long Zii!
- It's been tough.
I won't deny it.
But we're the
motherfucking Hop Wei!
And there aren't enough
cops in San Francisco
to stop us from
running our business.
We're back in the molasses
game stronger than ever.
So get drunk.
Get sticky.
Yeah!
- Because tomorrow.
we get back to being
the baddest fucking
tong in Chinatown!
- Your boss seems happy.
Yeah.
- But you're not.
- Printing was supposed
to be a solution.
not the solution.
We should be using the chop
to buy more soldiers. not...
Not booze and whores.
- Then you better hurry.
- Why?
- Cash won't matter
if there aren't
any soldiers left to buy.
Mai Ling just
absorbed another tong.
- How is she making moves
when we're out here
fighting for scraps?
- How doesn't matter.
What matters is that Mai
Ling is building an army.
- She won't come
directly at us again.
Not with this much
heat in the streets.
- Doesn't seem like she's all
that bothered by the heat.
Does it?
- You know. if it weren't
for the tailored suits.
I'd almost believe this
whole poultry setup.
- Former Officer Lee.
I thought you were
Barbary Coast problem now.
- Not a lot of room in
here for contraband. Chao.
- Chinatown squad make
business bad for Chao.
Turn over new leaf.
- Good.
Then you won't mind if I
ask you a few questions.
- Too bad.
I almost like you for a second.
- I'm looking into a
counterfeiting operation.
Somebody printing
American greenbacks.
possibly here in Chinatown.
- What I know about
printing money?
- I have a witness.
part of the original
counterfeiting crew.
says a Chinese man sold
weapons to his partners
down at the docks
shortly before they were robbed.
- And you think this Chao?
- Given what I know about you.
I'd be foolish not to ask.
- You're foolish either way.
Look. I'm not a cop anymore.
I work for the government.
I can do things differently.
- Different how?
- You give me something
useful. you get paid.
And I make sure you
stay out of jail.
New badge. new rules.
- Sound like old
rule for snitch.
- I'm just asking
you to point me
in the right direction.
- Exit that way.
- Took you guys long enough.
I've been wandering
around your territory
for. like. 20 minutes.
- Yeah. we knew.
We just didn't care.
Ah.
Right. so you're the funny one.
Which one of you's
the smart one?
None of you. Got it.
- Enough.
- Hey. sis.
- I think my men are still
itchy about the other day.
- Oh. you mean when you
almost started a war
by setting up shop
in our backyard?
- It was an honest mistake.
Hop Wei territory is
shrinking by the day.
Hard to know who
owns what anymore.
- Yeah. tough times all
around for everyone but you.
- Your point?
- Well. there are no bulls here.
No shutdowns or raids.
and you're parading around
like the queen of Chinatown
while everyone else suffers.
- It's a big world. Ah Sahm.
Opportunities everywhere.
- Oh. my God.
Do you have any idea...
Do you have any idea
how arrogant you sound?
- And you sound
like a sore loser.
Listen. I don't know who
you made a deal with.
but it's only a matter of time
before it blows up in your face.
and when it does.
Hop Wei will be the
least of your worries.
- The Hop Wei are the
least of my worries.
Ever since Young Jun took over.
he's been doing my work for me.
All I have to do is wait.
- Hmm.
Ah Sahm.
You don't have to
go down with him.
I mean that.
- Don't worry.
I won't.
- This man. he was
friends with your husband?
I don't think Douglas
Strickland has friends.
But he convinced Fred to invest
in his construction business
just as the city was taking off.
And they made a
fortune together.
- And now he want your land.
- You know. he used
to want me too.
I don't think he ever
got over the rejection.
- At least he have good taste.
- He can do this?
- Don't worry.
Douglas likes to
puff out his chest.
but he knows my lawyers
can tie him up for years.
He'll find another
route for his railroad.
Hey. I won't let anything
happen to our girls.
- And what if he still want you?
- I didn't take you
for the jealous type.
- Not jealous.
You too make very
handsome couple.
Shut up.
- He look like he
make good baby.
- Take this back to
your family. okay?
Here you go. Take it
back to your family.
Here you go.
Don't spend it all at once.
All right. take this
back to your mommy. okay?
- Hey.
What's going on?
- Just helping out a few places
that got hit by the ordinances.
- Thank you.
- I figure the sooner
they're back up and running.
the better.
- Check out what
he gave me. guys.
It's a pipe!
- Huh.
Since when do you
smoke a pipe. Hong?
- Since right
fucking now. I guess.
- What's up?
- Nothing.
I just thought we
were being careful.
- We are.
- Muscle and molasses.
That's what we agreed on.
Not flooding the
street with fake chop.
- Okay. so you don't want
me roughing up old men.
and you don't want me
giving them money either.
I guess I don't know
what the fuck I'm doing.
do I?
- That's not what I'm saying.
- Oh. really?
'Cause it sounded like
you were calling me out.
- Hey. guys. come
on. Take it easy.
- I'm not out here
swinging my dick
for no reason. man.
I'm washing the money.
Businesses buy inventory with
the chop that I give them.
Customers buy their shit.
and real money flows
back into our pockets.
And if a few fucking onions
think I'm God's gift.
even better.
Get me?
Fuck. man.
I know you're trying to help.
but let me handle
the big picture shit.
all right?
You just make sure that
girl keeps printing.
Because right now.
that's all that matters.
- How'd we do today?
- Same as yesterday.
I can only go so
fast with six plates.
- I thought you might be hungry.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Those... those are
gonna be some good ones.
I can tell.
- These are terrible.
- What? No.
Those are the best
dumplings in Chinatown.
- Yeah. maybe if you
grew up on a farm.
- I did grow up on a farm.
- That explains a lot.
- You have something
against farms?
- No. I have something
against these dumplings.
I gotta get something else.
- Well. then I need to
come with you. so...
if there's some top-secret
dumpling spot. I need to know.
- Okay. suit yourself.
- Hmm.
- My father used to tell
us this one at bedtime.
Do you know it?
- I didn't really have
bedtime stories growing up.
you know?
- That's Lei Gong.
God of Thunder.
Jade Emperor knew that
he was an angry god.
So he gave him an axe
and taught him how
to conjure thunder.
But the problem was.
when he made his thunder.
the skies got dark and
he couldn't always see
what he was doing.
One day. there was a
young girl named Dianmu
throwing rice into the river.
In his blind rage.
Lei Gong accidentally
struck her down.
He'd killed an innocent girl.
And Jade Emperor was furious.
So he resurrected Dianmu.
making her this
powerful goddess.
And as punishment. Lei
Gong had to marry her
so she could help him.
And she held mirrors in the sky.
making lightning
so he could see.
And that is why lightning
always comes before thunder.
- So it has a happy ending.
- How is that happy?
- Well. think about it.
I mean. a love story. Mm.
She made the thunder
monster better.
- Better at killing.
And it's not like she had a
choice in the matter either.
Nobody gets a choice.
- Or maybe you just don't
like the choice you made.
I saw you at the riot.
You came in like
some avenging angel.
Here to save us.
But then you come to my shop
with Young Jun to collect.
and...
I realized you're not
an angel or a warrior.
You're just...
some hatchet man.
- Sorry to let you down.
- Well. maybe it's not too late.
For what?
- For you to choose differently.
- ♪ You sing. you dance ♪
♪ You love to romance ♪
♪ You seem to know just
what it's all about ♪
♪ Ooh. baby. you knock me out ♪
♪ When you roll your
eyes. I seem hypnotized ♪
♪ Everything you do thrills
me through and through ♪
♪ So if that's the way.
then I have to say ♪
♪ I'll always be loving you ♪
♪ You smile. and yes ♪
♪ I'll always love you.
but I'm still in doubt ♪
♪ Ooh. baby. you
knock me out ♪
- Is this your room?
- Mm-hmm.
Oh.
Oh. fuck.
- Okay. is the pipe
authentic or an affectation?
- What's an affectation?
Well. you seem pretty fresh.
How long ago did you cross?
- A few months ago.
- To be a hatchet man?
- No.
I've been in a tong ever
since my father kicked me out.
I was 14.
Where's your family?
- My mom was indentured
to a commodore in
the Royal Navy.
He traveled a lot.
so we did too.
After she died.
he didn't have any use for me.
Been on my own ever since.
- It must be hard to be
alone in all those places.
- It's different for
artists. I think.
We're more accepting than most.
Besides. you can't
be an immigrant
if you never stay in one place.
- Oh. hang on!
- Oh!
Ow.
- Leary. I've been
waiting to hear from you.
Did you speak with
Mr. Strickland?
- We spoke.
- And?
- Didn't go your way.
- What the hell's
that supposed to mean?
Hey! I asked you a question.
Ah. God!
God!
- This isn't your
house. you pasty fuck.
It's mine.
And when you're in my house.
you show me some
fucking respect.
- Oh. son of a bitch!
I'll have you arrested.
- I suppose you
need a cop. then.
Owen. get over here.
- What's the problem?
- This man attacked me.
- Hmm?
Any witnesses?
- What do you mean? Of
course there are witnesses.
- Mm-mm-mm.
- I won't forget this.
That was the intention.
- Here you go.
- Well. thanks for
walking me home.
You really didn't have to.
- No. I... no. I did.
I'm supposed to keep an
eye on you. remember?
- Right.
So I guess you gotta
frisk me too. then.
Uh. oh... uh. yeah.
Just...
You're good.
- Well. good night. then.
- Good night.
Girls are going to bed.
Dinner is all cleaned up.
Just you and me now.
- You must be tired.
- I am.
But the good kind. you know?
I'm gonna draw a bath. I think.
- Mm.
Good idea.
- Hey. go to that field.
- Get gun.
Go. go!
Huh?
- The fields. Go.
- Put her down.
Get up. bitch!
- Shaw. let's go! We've
been here too long!
♪ All of my girl.
girl. girls ♪
♪ Say no. no. no ♪
♪ Nuh-uh. nuh-uh ♪
♪ So I say no ♪
♪ All of my girl.
girl. girls ♪
♪ Say no. no. no ♪
♪ Nuh-uh. nuh-uh ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ No. no ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org